JavaScript MA03
----------------
Level 2

1. In your own words, describe what JavaScript Code Style is.
In my own words, I would say that Javascrip Code Style is a coding convention that helps developers write code in a readable matter that everyone can understand,
not only other devs but also the developer himself. Writing code in a readable manner is very important especially if you work on a team with others.

w3shools says the following;

Coding conventions are style guidelines for programming. They typically cover:

Naming and declaration rules for variables and functions.
Rules for the use of white space, indentation, and comments.
Programming practices and principles
Coding conventions secure quality:

Improves code readability
Make code maintenance easier

And I really agree with those statements.

2. What is a Regular Expression?
Regular Expressions is a sequence or "language" that can be utilized or used to define search patterns in strings to chekc for specific characters or patterns in text,
this is useful when you want to find, replace and/ or validate a string such as in an email form.

3. What does the .random() method do?
I have to admit this is hard to answer as it depends on the context, however I'm going to assume we are talking about math.random(),
which will generate a random set of numbers.

4. What does the .sort() method do?
This method will sort an array alphabetically.

5. What does the .reverse() method do?
This method will reverse the order of an array.

6. List two examples of bad JavaScript code.


7. What data types can a JSON object contain?

In JSON, values must be one of the following data types:
a string.
a number.
an object (JSON object)
an array.
a boolean.
null.
(w3schools)

8. What is minifying JavaScript Code?
Minifying JavaScript Code or Source code in general is the proccess where you remove all unnecessary characters without
changing it's functionality.

9. What is a global variable?
A global variable is a variable that can be accessed throughout the entire document or script.
It's a variable declared outisde of a local scope, and is generally considered bad practice.
